for rock wounds to watch I also bought yes
i bought in general then no never was
on debriefing this but right now
will be
today we look at rainbow rocks
friendship magic never changes we
girls from equestria
and our music is the magic of beauty
gave 6 went that no one has played yet
electricity on electric guitar
here actually showed
the fish itself as which looks like
rocker and here it is shown that there is
pad for the stamp and the stamp itself that is
then I don't know, well, let's see and
let's finally open this
box and see what is there
what an exciting moment is untrue
and for starters if anyone watched the release
written off first always read what's here
There is a piece of paper and there are some
chamomile drag
note for parent ink can
leave spots can results
be black wash away opportunity
Wash the product is not provided if your
child poison we are not guilty
Terek hasbro Well yes, everything is clear
holy contents may vary
store this information for the future then
there is if suddenly you see pink
Rainball Dash
don't worry colors may vary
keep this information for the future well and
finally we got to the doll itself
rainbow dash how are you going to print
even below
oh listen this so and cute u rainball dash
hands tied with a chain but not a chain
ropes know it almost like in
cupcakes so well what are we starting
parsing the doll you know I have never been
a doll when I was horsemen I always give you
no no no here kids eat everything like that
actually she rainbow dash for
I should start by saying about her hair
she has very good hair very
silky and soft so if pro
bro you don't have a girlfriend not
worry you can always buy yourself
one of
toys which shears als and can and
comb your hair to kiss her on the
nasty watch out and in other
the wall gives your girl you can always
do not change that you imagine
how would finish those support would you
quarreled and you say yes I'll
I will change it yes not with someone not out of revenge
no one will give it so much you take and doll
yes and for what went yes
immediately say no i'm not dark it's just
everybody likes such jokes and the following
You may notice that rainbow dash in
really looks like a rocker
because he has a short sleeve here
there is a long arms well shorter beach style
video to her that we can still grandfather it
Of course, like any doll undress
her mother is your mother in general we see
These are the legs here will be his Rainball
Dash she can still walk
walking in Moscow
dolce gabbana and I am such a daughter gabbana
and of course where rainbow dash without
your favorite eye tag here is the video
here such there's lightning through the eye
overall well done well on
fame and of course what is the latest
this cap that is, it can still it
true Crimean bridge sanctions them
her body no fraction no fraction sensei
In short , I do not fit the body and therefore how
that will fly
a mma
and most importantly man if you
not yet and the girls get saying that
Rainball Dash is perfect for her
also move the handle that is his
handles she can do a lot of things
but if you like for example pancakes
concoct put on there even scrambled eggs do
why don't you love sausage in dough
if west oh well you work
on let's take her outfits also y
she has an extra pair of boots but
if you want to completely do slut user
but if you absolutely want to do
some not very decent girl
Stream will be able to wear both boots
and it will be like this
equestria and I know me even
authors boots white-blue more
Like what's these red
and of course the blows bastard without their
favorite guitars without you
electric guitars which she literally
produced from trixie
your mother is so very threading
neatly guitar through a pancake
you know it
and of course where the Interior Ministry and its
favorite guitar ki actually here
so take and start playing that
oh you have wings to cast and so come on
need to insert
need to put rainbow dash yourself understand
you do not hurt the radius clever
well and on it actually all go
still all that goes stream baldezh this here
in fact, such is usually
nakleechka where on brother country nothing
no
or nakleechka coloring rainbow dash here
such pumping coloring barn molder where
in fact, we can not paint and
so on so little girls
will have something to do aravia itself
saying all thanks for watching it was
hands softball by the way yes so many
they say that after not that time has much
themselves asked how much I was
Kardam's commentary on the shelf on the shelf
Well, that moved Moscow and here it is on
shelf so what's actually
Rainball Dash say goodbye to the audience
said goodbye well I wish everyone
good subscribe u know as always
youtube and in to instagram here and thoughts
baldezh let's go comb your hair comb
hair up wolf-growing me well
let's go to look like